PEGI 12 hello welcome my name's ali-a
and I'm currently in France why am I in
France you're a sport you may remember
the ShootMania video I did last week or
a few weeks ago I'm lucky enough to come
out to France where the studios of the
guys that the making ShootMania are and
I'm getting to play again we're just
gonna be really good fun
iCup I'm really looking forward to it
it's gonna be a lot of fun hopefully you
guys enjoy and I'll see you there so
welcome back guys were that you seeing
on screen here was captured while I was
in France at the studios checking out
shoot menu again I honestly love this
game it's so so so much fun but of
course it's not call of duty if you guys
haven't seen my first shoot mania video
you're probably thinking what on earth
is going on land playing the exact same
game mode I played my first shoot main
your video so you can click on screen
now to check that out make sure you're
watching that first ever you're coming
back here because this video will make a
lot more sense and as you can see I've
improved a lot more since I last added
my first shoot mania video and I planned
quite a high-sensitivity for PC and
normally even on PC players play on
quite a low sensitivities they can get
that accuracy but I'm just so used to
twitching my mouse around checking
corners and stuff and that's just what I
prefer so I'm going to talk to you guys
about and this game is like win that
round in style and hit a lot of people
along the way as well of course I mean
for 200 points to win this royale game
and that's what you're going to be
seeing in the background is the gameplay
from this royale game mode as I'm
talking about this game a little bit
more and my thoughts about it what I
like about it and some new stuff they've
added into the game because since I did
my first video the game is no longer in
open beta the full game has been
released and you can check it out of
description if you want to buy it
I've bought it and I'm replaying it a
lot on PC just cuz it's so much fun now
here we can see a little mini studio
tour of the guys working on shoot main
years a little office space downstairs
there was a table set up with loads of
PCs for me and a few other guys to play
the ShootMania game which was awesome
and there were few posters dotted around
and he went upstairs all the devs and
all of the guys developing the game
upstairs hard at work and one of the
cool things that I've got to see because
I was meeting with the guys in new
offices was some of the buildable stuff
so you can actually customize your own
Maps customize your own game modes or
the maps and game modes are seeing at
the moment and are actually pre-made by
the guys who are working on ShootMania
and they're on the game once you buy it
but you can create your own Maps you can
create your own mode and it can be
completely user generated so if you and
a friend have made a really small map
for example where it's just like a fight
off to the death one versus one where
you're trying to get hit on each other
you can make that mode you can make that
map you can put it online and others
complained and others can enjoy it as
well which is awesome and that's the
whole thing about user-generated content
on this game is that you're never going
to get bored of this gamers who always
give me new maps of play was always
gonna be new modes to play and that's
what's awesome about it now one of the
very cool things about the server I'm on
at the moment was the fact it was
literally a first server I decided to
jump on when I arrived at the studios in
France and the funny thing was as soon
as I jumped in the server people
recognized my name because my name is
just Ali - a and people at literally I
think about three or four people are in
the server just watched my ShootMania
video and it all individually gone and
downloaded ShootMania and it just
happened to be in this random server
that I joined which is absolutely epic
so I've ever meet any of you guys on
ShootMania just say hello in the chat
and I'll talk to you guys it's awesome
meeting fans especially in a game that
isn't even cool to do - so shout out to
all of the guys that I met with in that
game it was awesome now shoot really
have so much fun in your port you notice
the difference between my first video in
this video is I'm hitting people a
little bit more often now I'm also
missing quite a lot which is fair enough
of course I'm not a PC player and but I
started to learn sort of the enemy
movement patterns a little bit more I
started to pre shoot a lot more and as
you can see I'm shooting down long
corridors or shooting down areas where I
think people will be coming from because
the weapon I'm using here so of course
there's a travel time enemies can walk
into certain places and then perhaps
walk straight into your bullet whereas
if you're up close you just want to be
pretty much aiming directly at the enemy
to get the shot on target and you're
trying to build up as many points as
possible and I did a good job in this
game building up a lot of points and it
does it does feel awesome it feels
really satisfying when you shoot say
three or four people in a row and you
hit three or four people in a row words
in
call of duty no it's quite easy to hit
people more so you want to go for sort
of big group kills and scores free from
call of duty words within this game it's
all that being really accurate being
really agile at the same time and it is
a lot of fun I really really recommend
it now I'm also going for the flag a lot
you saw me going for flag a lot within
my first shoot mania video and it is a
risky move if you go for the flag you
can easily get killed but the rewards
and the benefits for going for the flag
and massives that's why I love going for
it so we're looking for something
different to play on a weekend or
something aside from Call of Duty just a
little fun game to play if your friends
or something then feel free to get this
and the cool thing is you don't need a
beast PC to play it of course having a
better PC is nice just to have a nice
resolution and to see all the sort of
effects in action in nice quality B
don't need a beast PC you can play it on
your laptop as well if you want to to be
quite honest and but the cool thing is
when you make a name of course you can
add other people as well so similar to
friends this icon PSN or Xbox Live so
what you guys can do is when you make
your name for your ShootMania account or
your ManiaPlanet account which we'll use
to play on ShootMania
and you can leave that down below in the
comment section you guys can add each
other so you'll have friends to play
with and you can all jump online and you
can also add me as well if you want to
and you can just type in Ally - a my
friends is at the moment doesn't have
too many people added and but if you
want to add me feel free to do so I'll
accept as many people as they can until
it gets full I believe there's a limit
so once it gets full of course I can't
add anyone else but you awesome to jump
in some games with you guys when you
download it so that have you really cool
as well so feel free to play and play
their royale mode if that's what mode
you know most about cut on a few videos
on it but there are of course I said
loads of user-generated modes loads of
other modes out there as well that
aren't just free for like team-based
modes like attackers and defenders and
stuff and there are even more and sort
of competitive and a lot more fun to
play if you're into sort of competitive
stuff so that may interest you more a
little bit more than this one now I've
done really well in this game player
I've actually managed to sort of secure
first position throughout most of the
gameplay and I've hit a good amount of
people as well I was proud of as well
and we're coming towards the end of the
last round
which is which is cool I have got first
place I just need to finish with a
decent amount of points when his last
round
Devin I will have secured my victorious
I managed to capture flag which was
awesome
a beaver actually have 200 points now so
it's going to make sure that no one else
gets more points than me as the final
round comes to the end here so I
finished with over 200 points I win that
real high our mode which is awesome hope
for you guys have enjoyed that video so
let me know you think of this game if
you go and download it it's honestly
really really really good fun if you've
enjoyed the video feel free to give a
like if you missed yesterday's video it
was a new mob of the Dead zombies
trailer in a new black ops 2 live video
makes you checked out both of them so
you not missing out and any of you or
some black ops 2 videos I did and I'm
gonna have a new best class video
tomorrow for the type 25 - cheers
watching guys I hope you've enjoyed
enough see you on my next video